<h1>Welcome to Hanmer Springs and Hurunui District</h1>
		
Our stunning region is located on the rugged east coast of the South Island and starts a quick 45-minute drive north from Christchurch, offering diverse landscape, a rich country lifestyle and award-winning attractions.

Popular with visitors wanting to experience our wine, whales and thermal water is the 370km of the Alpine Pacific Triangle Touring Route (APT) which showcases a wonderful array of landscapes and activities that are the inspiration for wonderful adventures. 
The three main destinations along the Alpine Pacific Triangle Touring Route are Hanmer Springs, New Zealand's Alpine Spa Village,  Waipara Valley, known for award- winning wine experiences and Kaikoura, home to amazing marine life. 

Hanmer Springs is set in a high country basin 385m above sea level. The alpine environment encourages nothing but relaxation.
Waipara Valley, only 45 mins north of Christchurch, boasts amazing award-winning wines with Riesling, Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc; and Pinot Noir dominating.
Kaikoura is New Zealand's leading eco-tourism destination, located midway between Christchurch and Picton, and home to New Zealand's only marine based whale watching experience.

The Hurunui can be split into four main visiting areas - Hanmer Springs, Waipara Valley, the coastal route of Hurunui and the Inland Corridor. 
Hurunui boasts an abundance of beaches, forests, parks and rivers, including more than 274 hectares of recreation reserves, so it is the perfect playground for everyone. There truly is something to suit every taste and budget.

Businesses within Hanmer Springs and the Hurunui are also part of the North Canterbury Food and Wine Trail giving you the opportunity to visit wineries, have fantastic food at our cafés and restaurants, stay in top level accommodation and enjoy purchasing straight from the producer.
In Hurunui we live the lives others only dream of - come visit, and travel well. A warm welcome awaits! 